All you guys wanna do is
label, discriminate, divide
For some reason, humans have this habit to categorize
There's only two kinds of people in this world,
Those who say this, you're my target
The haves and the have nots
The doers and the don'ters
Are you Ying or Yang?
You can't relax unless you fit us in a box
Not noticing what's outside your instincts
Wanna take a peek? Not in the mood?
In other words, it's not so simple
Something more ambiguous, delicate, and obscure
Like the one who can't bring it out, but has it
The one who isn't cool, but doing it
The one who pretends to get it, but got it
and becoming nervous as they fake it
After all, you're gifted
You say you're an ordinary housewife
Isn't that good? Isn't it wonderful?
Did you just prove the impossible?
I'm not saying you need a dream
But it won't make you irresponsible
Just don't get eaten by that habit
Each habit you rid, your value is revealed
We're animals too
This is what I love
How do you feel now?
You should feel the laughter building
We're animals too
Hence this original habit we possess
Don't categorize you yourself
Try and break that bad habit
Let me tell you something
No decent grownup would admit to but
Truth be told, preaching is a pleasure
Goes down so well with booze
And if that spurs you into action
Then everyone wins, right?
Although it's a shame too
For starters, it's all up to you
And I really don't care what you end up doing
So what now for you?
Just by having been asked
I wanna believe it isn't over
If not, it's one hell of an emergency
Because you guys were categorized
in an ordinary suffocating box
My life is on easy-mode
Just sleeping there, now almost 30
I'm no catch to begin with
So I clawed, flailed and wailed
If you were to categorize my old self
it would be obvious to anyone
The world only cares about money
love, luck, fate
How can it be so simple?
We're more ambiguous,
something complex and obscure
Don't pretend to know,
you don't have the ability to categorize yourself
We're animals too
This is what I love
How do you feel now?
You should feel the laughter building
We're animals too
Hence this original habit we possess
Don't categorize you yourself
Try and break that bad habit
We're animals too
This is what I love
How do you feel now?
You should feel the laughter building
We're animals too
Hence this original habit we possess
Don't categorize yourself
Try and break that bad habit